DiscoveryCatalogue#Discovery:1:The world seems to have fallen apart, the only clue I've found so far is a newspaper article discussing some sort of outbreak. :3#Discovery:2:While looking through a partially looted store I discovered a working laptop. There seems to be no way to get online or contact anyone, but there were a few stored emails from the store clerk about the wonders of GenoMax :10#Discovery:3:Walking through the city I could hear an emergency broadcast repeating. Stay in your homes and avoid the infected it said.. If only I could.:10#Discovery:4:There are corpses pretty much everywhere.. I saw one with a general's stripes today holding a map of the area with the motel I started marked with a big cross. It seems the source of the infection was where I started. Lucky I didn't get infected.:15#Discovery:5:Everywhere I look there is devastation, looted shops, burning building, bodies on the street. Whatever happened it seems to have happened everywhere.:15#Discovery:6:There seems to be hardly anyone left. The people I do meet either seem to be deranged, desperate or some combination of both. The last person I met wouldn't stop muttering about how it was all GenoMax's fault. Whoever they are. :20
#Discovery:7:I found a book with a collection of short stories today. While taking a break I read through one, it was somewhat depressing set in the future where the world had run out of food because of overpopulation.:20#Discovery:8:Looking for supplies in a corporate office building today. I took a moment to look at some of the the random bits of paper with what are now meaningless numbers. One thing did catch my eye, a number which seemed to dwarf all the other entitled 'Project Elysion' :20
#Discovery:9:Another day, another car, another briefcase. This one seemed to hold nothing much of importance just a bunch of papers with GenoMax plastered all over them and the tag line 'Keeping you healthy!' Not that it was any use now.:20#Discovery:10:Often I try to distract myself I try to think about what might have been if I'd taken that flight like I was supposed to. Maybe I wouldn't be in this mess.:30#Discovery:11:Turns out GenoMax where heavy into biomedical research. I met one of their ex-employees today who seemed to think they had something to do with everything which has happened. :30#Discovery:12:Bumped into another stranger today. Usually I try to keep away but this one surprised me. He came up from behind, his suit torn and tattered. He was mumbling something about a trade for food until he looked up and saw my face. He just screamed 'YOU! This is all your fault.' I ran for 5 minutes.. and could still hear his screams hanging in the air.:40#Discovery:13:I was lucky enough to find one of those portable televisions with batteries still in it. I managed to tune it to some foreign broadcast I couldn't understand a word of it but I did see the GenoMax logo and I heard what sounded like Elysion. Before I could investigate further the battery died.:40#Discovery:14:Today I found another GenoMax office, based on everything I've learnt so far I decided to snoop around. Inside I found some files about Project Elysion. It seems like they were trying to create a virus with a high infection and mortality rate. There are repeated references to a 'Subject X' who they were planning to infect.:45#Discovery:15:GenoMax the mysterious company I keep hearing about seems:45#Discovery:16:Seems GenoMax was run by a group calling themselves 'The Committee'. Why they wanted this to happen I simply don't understand.:50#Discovery:17:The mysterious committee if only I knew more about them maybe I could find some way out of this hell.:50#Discovery:18:Another reference to 'Subject X' they were apparently to be used to reduce population and terrify the world. Who would ever volunteer for such a terrible task.:51#Discovery:19:Apparently Elysion is the some sort of Greek mythological heaven. Who could possibly imagine that this is Heaven?:51#Discovery:20:It turns out I was "Subject X". The plan was to have me infect everyone when I landed in Asia and kill enough people to ease the population problems. They would then take control as the people panicked offering a cure, which they would use to hold onto power.:52